Implement toggle color scheme, automatic theme mode (#1086)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/customization.md

New
{: .label .label-green }

> Just the Docs supports two color schemas, and also allows automatic mode to enable the user's system light/dark selection. 
> Color scheme currently supports nil (default), "auto", "light", "dark" or a custom scheme that you define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just the Docs supports two static color schemes out of the box: light and dark. In addition, it allows for an automatic mode that switches based on the user's [preferred color scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) (a feature of most browsers).
```
